README.md, before:

# BoilerPy

##About

BoilerPy is a native Python port of Christian Kohlschütter's Boilerpipe library, released under the Apache 2.0 Licence. (http://code.google.com/p/boilerpipe/
)

I created this port since I don't have access to Java on my webhost and I wanted to create a pure Python version.  Another Python version which consists of Python hooks to the original Java library can be found here : (https://github.com/misja/python-boilerpipe
)  It might be a better option if you are able to run Java.

BoilerPy was created with the help of the excellent Java2Python library :(https://github.com/natural/java2python
)


##Installation

Download the package from dist/BoilerPy1.0.zip

BoilerPy was packaged with distutils.  In can be installed as following:

```
>python setup.py install
```

##Usage

```python
import boilerpy

extractor=boilerpy.extractors.ARTICLE_EXTRACTOR
extractor.getContentFromUrl('http://www.example.com/')

extractor.getContentFromFile('site/example.html')

extractor.getContent('<html><body><h1>Example</h1></body></html>')

```

##Extractors

###ARTICLE_EXTRACTOR

A full-text extractor which is tuned towards news articles. In this scenario it achieves higher accuracy than DefaultExtractor. Works very well for most types of Article-like HTML.


###DEFAULT_EXTRACTOR

Usually worse than ArticleExtractor, but simpler/no heuristics.  A quite generic full-text extractor. 


###LARGEST_CONTENT_EXTRACTOR

A full-text extractor which extracts the largest text component of a page.  For news articles, it may perform better than the DefaultExtractor but usually worse than ArticleExtractor


###CANOLA_EXTRACTOR

Trained on krdwrd Canola (different definition of "boilerplate"). You may give it a try.


###KEEP_EVERYTHING_EXTRACTOR

Marks everything as content. Dummy Extractor; should return the input text. Use this to double-check that your problem is within a particular Extractor or somewhere else.


###NUM_WORDS_RULES_EXTRACTOR

A quite generic full-text extractor solely based upon the number of words per block (the current, the previous and the next block).


###ARTICLE_SENTENCES_EXTRACTOR

A full-text extractor which is tuned towards extracting sentences from news articles.

## Version

1.0 - Created 15 Feb 2013

Commit message:

added getDoc functions to extractors.py

README.md, after:

# BoilerPy

##About

BoilerPy is a native Python port of Christian Kohlschütter's Boilerpipe library, released under the Apache 2.0 Licence. (http://code.google.com/p/boilerpipe/
)

I created this port since I don't have access to Java on my webhost and I wanted to create a pure Python version.  Another Python version which consists of Python hooks to the original Java library can be found here : (https://github.com/misja/python-boilerpipe
)  It might be a better option if you are able to run Java.

BoilerPy was created with the help of the excellent Java2Python library :(https://github.com/natural/java2python
)


##Installation

Download the package from dist/BoilerPy1.0.zip

BoilerPy was packaged with distutils.  In can be installed as following:

```
>python setup.py install
```

##Usage

The top-level interfaces are extractors.  Use getContent() to extract the filtered text.

```python
import boilerpy

extractor=boilerpy.extractors.ARTICLE_EXTRACTOR
extractor.getContentFromUrl('http://www.example.com/')

extractor.getContentFromFile('site/example.html')

extractor.getContent('<html><body><h1>Example</h1></body></html>')

```

Alternatively, se getDoc() to return a boilerpipe document from which you can get more detailed information

```python
import boilerpy

extractor=boilerpy.extractors.ARTICLE_EXTRACTOR

doc=extractor.getDocFromUrl('http://www.example.com/')
content=doc.getContent()
title=doc.getTitle()

```

##Extractors

###ARTICLE_EXTRACTOR

A full-text extractor which is tuned towards news articles. In this scenario it achieves higher accuracy than DefaultExtractor. Works very well for most types of Article-like HTML.


###DEFAULT_EXTRACTOR

Usually worse than ArticleExtractor, but simpler/no heuristics.  A quite generic full-text extractor. 


###LARGEST_CONTENT_EXTRACTOR

A full-text extractor which extracts the largest text component of a page.  For news articles, it may perform better than the DefaultExtractor but usually worse than ArticleExtractor


###CANOLA_EXTRACTOR

Trained on krdwrd Canola (different definition of "boilerplate"). You may give it a try.


###KEEP_EVERYTHING_EXTRACTOR

Marks everything as content. Dummy Extractor; should return the input text. Use this to double-check that your problem is within a particular Extractor or somewhere else.


###NUM_WORDS_RULES_EXTRACTOR

A quite generic full-text extractor solely based upon the number of words per block (the current, the previous and the next block).


###ARTICLE_SENTENCES_EXTRACTOR

A full-text extractor which is tuned towards extracting sentences from news articles.

## Version

1.0 - Created 15 Feb 2013
